#Assignment: Follow the tutorial to learn how to do basic mapping with Mapbox.
The final product can be found [here](https://api.mapbox.com/styles/v1/jacksonvict/ck8o3sjcm37x51is66x8hys4f.html?fresh=true&title=view&access_token=pk.eyJ1IjoiamFja3NvbnZpY3QiLCJhIjoiY2s4NmZzajQzMGY0MTNmbGo0anMzZXdvaiJ9.f2oyXTDNtXVS76FqydAVwA)

#Reflection
Arguably, Mapbox was the most frustrating experience I had with any of the mapping programs to date. The experience required multiple attempts at troubleshooting. Initially, the program would not accept my JSON files for county prescriptions because of the size of the file. In my second attempt, I tried to upload the CSV files under tilesets, but they were rejected. Interestingly,  Mapbox gives an option to covert datasets into tilesets so I uploaded both the state and county CSV files as two separate datasets as a work around. This resulted in point features rather than an actual shape. I began my third work-around to use the shapefiles (which took an inconvenient amount of time to load). This worked.

One thing that I did not enjoy about Mapbox was the inability to move the layers. I am unsure in anybody else ran into this issue, but I was only able to move the layers created from my tiles sets. All other feature layers had to be moved as a group, though I did have the option of turning sub-layers off and on.  Additionally, looking at my published map, I do not see a key to explain the graduated coloring. I may have missed a step, but I am not sure how useful this map would be as a deliverable to explain the data to someone unfamiliar with it. 

Despite these frustrations, I did like Mapbox as an alternative to ArcGIS, though I feel like I would do all my work beforehand in ArcGIS. I do not have a lot of experience with JSON and could not understand what I needed to fix to make my CSV file work, so I had to rely on what I could do in GIS. However, if the files were already formatted, I believe I would find it useful for producing a comparative map. I would be interested to see what other types of analysis could be done with Mapbox.
